.\"
.\" Copyright (C) 2011 Richard Kettlewell
.\"
.\" This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
.\" it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
.\" the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
.\" (at your option) any later version.
.\"
.\" This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
.\" along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
.\"
.TH texttops 1
.SH NAME
texttops \- convert text to Postscript or PDF
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBtexttops\fR [\fIOPTIONS\fR] [\fB--\fR] [\fIINPUT\fR ...]
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBtexttops\fR reads one or more text files and converts them to a
Postscript or PDF file.
.PP
If there are no \fIINPUT\fR arguments then input is read from standard
input.
Otherwise all the named input files are concatenated.
.PP
The output is written to standard output.
.PP
The use of overprinting to represent bold and underline, for instance
as traditionally found in \fBman\fR(1) output, is recognized, although
underlined output is represented as italics.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B -T\fR, \fB--type \fITYPE
Set the output type.
\fITYPE\fR can be \fBps\fR (the default) or \fBpdf\fR.
.TP
.B -w\fR, \fB--width \fIPOINTS
Set the width of the output image.
The default is 595 points.
.TP
.B -H\fR, \fB--height \fIPOINTS
Set the height of the output image.
The default is 841 points.
.TP
.B -f\fR, \fB--font-size \fIPOINTS
Set the font size.
The default is 10 points.
.TP
.B -F\fR, \fB--font \fIFONT
Set the font.
The default is \fBmonospace\fR.
.TP
.B -t\fR, \fB--tab \fICOLUMNS
Set the size of a tab.
The default is 8 columns.
.TP
.B -h\fR, \fB--help
Display a usage message.
.TP
.B -V\fR, \fB--version
Display the version string.
.SH "FONTS"
Font names and sizes are passed directly to Cairo, the drawing backend
this program uses.
Refer to Cairo's documentation for details of how they are interpreted.
