.\" 
.\"  Copyright (C) 2011 Richard Kettlewell
.\" 
.\"  This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
.\"  it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
.\"  the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
.\"  (at your option) any later version.
.\" 
.\"  This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\"  but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\"  MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\"  GNU General Public License for more details.
.\"  
.\"  You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
.\"  along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
.\" 
.TH texttohtml 1
.SH NAME
texttohtml \- convert text to HTML
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBtexttohtml\fR [\fIOPTIONS\fR] [\fB--\fR] [\fIINPUT\fR ...]
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBtexttohtml\fR reads one or more text files and converts them to HTML.
.PP
If there are no \fIINPUT\fR arguments then input is read from standard
input.
Otherwise all the named input files are concatenated.
.PP
HTML output is always sent to standard output.
.PP
The use of overprinting to represent bold and underline, for instance
as traditionally found in \fBman\fR(1) output, is recognized.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B -t\fR, \fB--tab \fICOLUMNS
Set the size of a tab.
The default is 8 columns.
.TP
.B -T\fR, \fB--title \fITITLE
Set the <title> string.
By default there is no <title> element.
.TP
.B -h\fR, \fB--help
Display a usage message.
.TP
.B -V\fR, \fB--version
Display the version string.
.SH EXAMPLE
To create an HTML version of this man page:
.PP
.nf
man -Tutf8 texttohtml.1 | texttohtml -T "texttohtml(1)"
.fi
