.\"
.\" Copyright (C) 2011 Richard Kettlewell
.\"
.\" This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
.\" it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
.\" the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
.\" (at your option) any later version.
.\"
.\" This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
.\" along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
.\"
.TH texttopng 1
.SH NAME
texttopng \- convert text to PNG
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBtexttopng\fR [\fIOPTIONS\fR] [\fB--\fR] [\fIINPUT\fR ...]
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBtexttopng\fR reads one or more text files and converts them to PNG images.
.PP
If there are no \fIINPUT\fR arguments then input is read from standard
input.
Otherwise all the named input files are concatenated.
.PP
PNGs are written to \fBoutput0.png\fR, \fBoutput1.png\fR, etc.
The base name can be changed with the \fB-o\fR option.
.PP
The use of overprinting to represent bold and underline, for instance
as traditionally found in \fBman\fR(1) output, is recognized, although
underlined output is represented as italics.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B -w\fR, \fB--width \fIPIXELS
Set the width of the output image.
The default is 80 columns.
.TP
.B -H\fR, \fB--height \fIPIXELS
Set the height of the output image.
The default is 66 rows.
.TP
.B -f\fR, \fB--font-size \fISIZE
Set the font size.
The default is 10.
.TP
.B -F\fR, \fB--font \fIFONT
Set the font.
The default is \fBmonospace\fR.
.TP
.B -l\fR, \fB--list-fonts
List the known fonts.
.TP
.B -o\fR, \fB--output \fIBASE
Set the base name for the output files.
Output will be written to \fIBASE\fB0.png\fR, \fIBASE\fB1.png\fR, etc.
.TP
.B -t\fR, \fB--tab \fICOLUMNS
Set the size of a tab.
The default is 8 columns.
.TP
.B -h\fR, \fB--help
Display a usage message.
.TP
.B -V\fR, \fB--version
Display the version string.
